---
layout: post
title: 
---
Whooohoo!  The Big Ten totally pimped up tonight (last night, whatever, don't you hate when it's after midnight and you're not really sure whether it's still today or if it's tomorrow?)  Yeppers.  That Wisconsin game was totally amazing.  Never seen defense like that before.  Wow.
<p>
Anyways, check <a href="http://www.fanzing.com/fanzing20/specrept.shtml">this page</a> out.  It's really interesting.  How to save the comic book industry.  Unfortunately, there's not much we can do as consumers, other than of course buy more comics.  :)  Seems like it's mostly up to the companies themselves, especially the parent companies.  Time Warner gets so much money off of merchandising Batman and Superman, but they seem to care diddly about where the characters originated.  I really like the article's idea of making sure comics are in grocery stores, drugstores, et cetera.  That's where I bought my first several issues of the Flash, at Cub Foods.  Poor Cub Foods, got bought out by Kroger.  Miss that place.  But yeah, if it weren't for Cub Foods carrying comics, I doubt I'd be collecting the Flash now.  Cause I knew the Flash from the TV show, and I was like, hey, I know this guy!  I'll buy the comic.  But these days, you have to go to comic book stores.  It never would have occured to me back then to walk into a comic book store and buy an issue of the Flash.  It wasn't until a couple years later when I went to SHOCC Comics with my middle school comic book collecting club that I really even realized the existence of comic book stores.  And now it's a dying industry, kept barely alive by adults rather than the kids they're intended for.  I'm 19 and when I go to comic book conventions, I feel like the youngest person there.  It's odd.
