---
layout: post
title: kal-l, whiney telepaths, pimpin' kiffar, and you
---
So... might as well have some purpose for this blog.  I'll try my hand and writing comic reviews.  I had to work Wednesday night, so I didn't get a chance to pick up this week's pull until yesterday.
<ul>
<li><i>Superman</i> #226.  Very sweet.  The first page of non-Benes art kinda threw me.  I thought it was just another page of ads, but lo and behold, childhood pics of baby Kal-L of Earth-2!  As a sucker for alternate timelines, I enjoyed this ish thoroughly, as I did...</li>
<li><i>JSA</i> #82.  More Earth-2 Superman! Keep that Kal-L goodness coming, I'm loving it!</li>
<li><i>Teen Titans</i> #32.  Mostly just a rehash of <i>Infinite Crisis</i> #4, so it gets a "meh" rating, highly unusual for this title.  The one redeeming quality was it looks like Johns is up to his old continuity-fixin' tricks with the Doom Patrol.  Looking forward to seeing where that leads.</li>
<li><i>JLA</i> #125.  Finally, this title ends.  It lost its spark a long time ago, and I wonder every month why I keep it on my pull list.  This past arc of the Key whining about having to listen to millions of people's thoughts and Ollie feeling bad for himself for cheating on Manitou Raven has been a big yawn-fest for yours truly.  Bring on Brad Meltzer!</li>
<li><i>Star Wars Republic</i> #83.  Man, am I sad to see this title go.  I've been loving this era and its great cast.  Seeing Quin survive thanks to Villie's trickery at the end produced an audible yelp of glee as I turned the page.  At least my Ostrander/Duursema Star Wars fix will be satiated when <i>Legacy</i> rolls around here in a few months.</li>
<li><i>Star Wars Empire</i> #39.  Finally learning out who Tank is and seeing a Duros named Mouse in stormtrooper armor have been pretty fun.  Oh, and hot chicks in Imperial officer uniforms are always good.  But other than that, <i>Empire</i>'s been mostly "meh" recently.  What Dark Horse really needs to do in the new <i>Rebellion</i> series is bring back Jaxxon!</li>
</ul>
In other news, I've been accepted into one <a href="http://www.uidaho.edu/math/">graduate program</a> so far.  Huzzah!
