---
layout: post
title: night of the living dead
---
If someone had put a gun to my head this morning and told me I had to run a half marathon today, I can honestly say I would have had no problem, since I did not only 13.1 miles -- I did 14 miles.  (Actually, it was probably a little bit more than that, since I took a wrong turn around mile 6 and it took me a few minutes to figure out that I wasn't going the right way.)  Also, since I was running for two and a half hours, I can say that I have the ability to keep running as long as the world's most elite marathoners.  Now I just need to work towards running as far as them...  Not to say that my run was all fun and games, however.  The first hour was very sluggish, and I found myself thinking, not two miles into the thing, that I think that's about as far as I want to go.  The second hour I had fallen into a rhythm and just kind of grooved along.  The third hour, however, I was in complete zombie mode, as if nothing but my hunger for fresh brains was keeping my forward momentum.  Around mile 13, I was passed by a girl.  Despite my brain congratulating me on all the milestones I was achieving on this run, every Y-chromosome in my body was screaming, "Dude, you just got beat by a girl!"  Granted, she was probably just running a few miles tonight and I had been running for over two hours at that point.  Who knows, she might even be on the university cross country team or something.  But still, it did kind of topple over some of my sense of accomplishment.  Does this make me a misogynist pig?  Oink oink?
