---
layout: post
title: geek code -- then and now
---

When I made the <a href="/?id=506">last post</a>, I had completely forgotten that I had made the exact same post <a href="/?id=9">over nine years ago</a>! Let's run down and see how my geekiness has changed over the past decade (and witness me switch between referring to myself in the first and third persons with reckless abandon!):

<p/>
<i>Type of Geek</i>: My 19-year-old self was a geek of math and music! My 28-year-old self is a geek of only math. (However, had I compiled the more recent code by hand, as my 19-year-old self had done, rather than via the <a href="http://gushue.net/geekcode.php">Geek Code Generator</a>, which doesn't allow multiple geekhoods, this would have remained unchanged.)
<br/>
<i>Dress</i>: unchanged
<br/>
<i>Shape</i>: unchanged
<br/>
<i>Age</i>: Not surprisingly, I did age 9 years during the last 9 years!
<br/>
<i>Computers</i>: unchanged
<br/>
<i>Unix</i>: unchanged
<br/>
<i>Perl</i>: My 19-year-old self had no idea what Perl was, but still had put P+ down 'cause he thought it was cool. Although I went years thinking it was inferior to PHP (and it very well might be for internet applications), I am now officially in love with it. I use Perl every chance I can get.
<br/>
<i>Linux</i>: My 19-year-old self dual-booted Red Hat with Windows 98, but spent most of his time in Doze so he could play Quake 3 with his buddies. My 28-year-old self dual-boots Ubuntu and Windows XP, but only logs into Windows every 6 months or so after a few beers to reactivate his Dark Age of Camelot accounts. His laptop runs only Linux.
<br/>
<i>Emacs</i>: Massive swing here. My 19-year-old self grew accustomed to using vi thanks to Red Hat not agreeing with my ATI vid card and spending hours editing xorg.conf. My 28-year-old self basically lives in Emacs.
<br/>
<i>World Wide Web</i>: Heh, it's been awhile since I've seen the "World Wide" in front of the "Web". Silly 1996. Most of Christendom would be W**+ these days. Basically unchanged (W** to W**+).
<br/>
<i>USENET News</i>: My 19-year-old self had relatively recent memories of spending hours perusing rec.arts.comics.dc.universe. My 28-year-old self has only very vague memories of spending hours perusing rec.arts.comics.dc.universe.
<br/>
<i>USENET Oracle</i>: My 19-year-old self apparently knew what this was, or at least had the good sense to Google it. Er, Altavista it. Or Webcrawler it. Whatever the heck he used back then. My 28-year-old self has completely no idea what this is and couldn't be bothered to Google it.
<br/>
<i>Kibo</i>: unchanged
<br/>
<i>Windows</i>: unchanged
<br/>
<i>OS/2</i>: My 19-year-old self refused to participate in this category. My 28-year-old self, again forced by the software he used to generate the code, was forced to pick the thing least unlike what his answer actually was.
<br/>
<i>Macintosh</i>: My 19-year-old self lived in a dorm with a myriad annoying theater majors with multicolored iMacs. My 28-year-old self thinks Macs are kinda neat.

<p/>
To be continued...
