---
layout: post
title: geek code -- then and now pt. 2
---

Remember <a href="/?id=507">this post</a>, which I said I would continue? I never said it would be soon . . . Nearly seven months later, here we go.

<p/>
<i>VMS</i>: My 19-year-old self had no idea what VMS was. My 28-year-old self probably didn't either, but at least was content that Unix (or, at least something Unix-like like Linux) was sufficient for his computing needs.
<br/>
<i>Politics and Social Issues</i>: unchanged
<br/>
<i>Politics and Economic Issues</i>: unchanged
<br/>
<i>Cypherpunks</i>: My 19-year-old self had at least some passing interest in privacy issues. My 28-year-old self didn't give a crap and was content with allowing our Facebook overlords to take over the world.
<br/>
<i>PGP</i>: My 19-year-old self had never heard of PGP. My 28-year-old self probably hasn't either, but, again, doesn't really care that Facebook is probably selling his social security number to Laotian sex slave traders as I type this.
<br/>
<i>Star Trek</i>: unchanged
<br/>
<i>Babylon 5</i>: unchanged
<br/>
<i>X-Files</i>: unchanged
<br/>
<i>Role Playing</i>: My 19-year-old self was several years removed from his only role-playing experience, a 2-week D&D campaign at summer camp. My 28-year-old self fondly remembered his D20 Star Wars campaign which met weekly from 2003--2006.
<br/>
<i>Television</i>: My 19-year-old self had never heard of HD. 'Nuff said.
<br/>
<i>Books</i>: unchanged
<br/>
<i>Dilbert</i>: My 19-year-old self was only a few months removed from living with his newspaper-subscribing father and reading the funnies each morning before going to high school. My 28-year-old self hasn't read a non-xkcd comic in months.
<br/>
<i>DOOM!</i>: My 19-year-old self was obsessed with Quake 3 and had fond memories of playing old-school FPSs several years earlier. My 28-year-old self finally had accepted the fact that he sucks at FPSs and had made the switch to console JRPGs.
<br/>
<i>The Geek Code</i>: unchanged
<br/>
<i>Education</i>: My 19-year-old self was a freshman in college, and my 28-year-old self was a Ph.D. student. Some learndin' apparently happened in that span.
<br/>
<i>Housing</i>: My 19-year-old self lived in a dorm with lots of people around. My 28-year-old self was a hermit who only returned to his apartment from his office to watch <i>Lost</i> and poop.
<br/>
<i>Relationships</i>: My 19-year-old self was delusionally involved in a relatively one-sided long distance relationship. My 28-year-old self hadn't been on a date in like 5 years.
<br/>
<i>Sex</i>: My 19-year-old self was a perverted male. My 28-year-old self, fortunately, was still male. While probably still perverted, he had accepted the fact that he wasn't getting any.

<p/>
And there we have it!
